docker-start.md, before:

## Getting Started with Docker

#

### Setup and Running

1.  Download docker from docker.com then install and run it.

2.  If everything goes well then you can check the docker version using the following command:

        $ docker version

3.  To test if the docker is running well run the following command in command line:

        $ docker run hello-docker

    This will downlaod the hello-world image from the docker hub and run it.

4.  More tesing using busybox and passing default comman to run as following manner:

        $ docker run <image name> command
        $ docker run busybox echo hello busybox

    This will download the image busybox from the docker hub echo the text 'hello busybox'

    We can test another command using busybox:

        $ docker run busybox ls

    This will print all the directories inside the busybox container. Important part of these test is to remember that `echo` or `ls` command is available in busybox container, so we can run and test it. These command will not work on `hello-world`.

5.  List all docker container

        $ docker ps

6.  List all the docker ever created

        $ docker ps --all

7.  `docker run` is a command combind with 2 commands: `docker create <image-name>` and `docker start <container-id>`. Let's try to create and start a docker image:

        $ docker create hello-world

    This will print an ID, you should copy the ID to run it using the folloing command:

        $ docker start -a <container-id>

    N.B.: `docker start` without the option `-a` will only print the docker container ID

8.  Delete all the docker image

        $ docker system prune

9.  See logs of any stopped logger

        $ docker logs <container-id>

10. Stopping a running container

        $ docker stop <container-id>

    This will stop the docker completing it's current process. If it passed 10 second then the `docker kill <container-id>` to stop the docker.

11. Stop or kill running docker immidiately:

        $ docker kill <container-id>

12. Execute an additional command in a container:

        $ docker exec -it <container-id> <command>

13. Running sheel command inside a docker:

        $ docker exec -it <container-id> sh

    This will let you execute linux command like `ls`, `cd` and so on.

14.

Commit message:

Adding docker and react-node applicaiton

docker-start.md, after:

## Getting Started with Docker

#

### Setup and Running

1.  Download docker from docker.com then install and run it.

2.  If everything goes well then you can check the docker version using the following command:

        $ docker version

3.  To test if the docker is running well run the following command in command line:

        $ docker run hello-docker

    This will downlaod the hello-world image from the docker hub and run it.

4.  More tesing using busybox and passing default comman to run as following manner:

        $ docker run <image name> command
        $ docker run busybox echo hello busybox

    This will download the image busybox from the docker hub echo the text 'hello busybox'

    We can test another command using busybox:

        $ docker run busybox ls

    This will print all the directories inside the busybox container. Important part of these test is to remember that `echo` or `ls` command is available in busybox container, so we can run and test it. These command will not work on `hello-world`.

5.  List all docker container

        $ docker ps

6.  List all the docker ever created

        $ docker ps --all

7.  `docker run` is a command combind with 2 commands: `docker create <image-name>` and `docker start <container-id>`. Let's try to create and start a docker image:

        $ docker create hello-world

    This will print an ID, you should copy the ID to run it using the folloing command:

        $ docker start -a <container-id>

    N.B.: `docker start` without the option `-a` will only print the docker container ID

8.  Delete all the docker image

        $ docker system prune

9.  See logs of any stopped logger

        $ docker logs <container-id>

10. Stopping a running container

        $ docker stop <container-id>

    This will stop the docker completing it's current process. If it passed 10 second then the `docker kill <container-id>` to stop the docker.

11. Stop or kill running docker immidiately:

        $ docker kill <container-id>

12. Execute an additional command in a container:

        $ docker exec -it <container-id> <command>

13. Running sheel command inside a docker:

        $ docker exec -it <container-id> sh

    This will let you execute linux command like `ls`, `cd` and so on.

14. Let's create a docker from scratch. We are going to create a docker image

        $ mkdir radis-image
        $ cd redis-image
        $ code .
Create a file name 'Dockerfile' without any extension then write the following:

        # Use an existing docker image as a base
        FROM alpine

        # Download and insatll a dependency
        RUN apk add --update redis

        # Tell the image what to do when it starts
        # as a container 
        CMD ["redis-server"]

Then save the file and run the following command in command line on the same directory

        $ docker build . # note the . here

Note: If you found any error something like "Cannot connect to the Docker daemon at unix:///var/run/docker.sock. Is the docker daemon running?", it means docker is not running in your computer. Now you have to run the Docker executable form your system.

After successul build run the following command to run the docker image:

                $
